---
layout: category-post
title: Test Post
date: 2021-10-17
categories: blog
---

This is a test post, the very first post to the "News & Events" section of my new(ish) website. I waffled on calling it new because I did cannibalize a fair few elements from my last website, but there are important differences as well. If you made it all the way here at the bottom of the post pile and are at all curious about the site, here are a few quick facts about me and it:

- I'm curious about but inexperienced with coding, so I decided to make this new site myself as opposed to using a CMS like Wordpress or Squarespace.

- I built it using Jekyll, a free, open-source static site generator. I also started with a template that I modified for my needs. Thanks to broccolini on Github who created the original template inspired by Swiss design and the works of Massimo Vignelli.

- Maybe the best thing about a website built using Jeykll is that Github will host your site for free. One less subscription fee in my life? Yes, please.

Overall this project was a lot more fun that I thought it would be. It scratched some of the same creative itches that, say, writing a novel does. I was interested to see that coding very naturally resolves itself into many small, discrete steps. You can tackle them one by one, and at the end you've completed your project. That has not been my experience writing novels, where I am always keenly aware that each section, paragraph, sentence, and word is connected to larger whole. It's the looming specter of the whole which seems haunts whatever sentence I'm trying to write at that moment, slowing me down, miring me in self-consciousness. There might be a lesson here about the importance of setting achievable goals, or of breaking a large project down into manageable parts, or perhaps just a cruder version of the lesson best exemplified by "The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." Food for thought...

## THE END
